Hello dear friends with you DJ
home and today I want to show you very
interesting game as well as interesting here
nothing is worth just the game
called block helios or
I make it into a Russian block or a cube
a hero like him more like it here
we see some houses given signs
to use or finally things
need to click on and here we opened
also if here with this coal and we sit down
him branded so also with this dad
lera can then his menu is left right
this is when you press the jump he
flying is automatic if but
norman lettuce flies only here
push function to push us and he
flies away so let's go into this one
house found so well here we manifest
weird place pretty well so go
Do this so that
I do not know what it will be with us
typewriter mini machine such a black lightning
oh no oh oh we suffered a defeat
failed and by the way that they fell press the air
enough to open the inventory will be
and the button by the way if I forgot the shawl speak
you or not but push it z English
so this is a magnet and these two will not be
placed found negative plus
negative he will push off they will
push off
also from positive positive and
positive then push off well this
such a latu that they will not
repel for some reason I do not know why
by the way i have been so in advance
sorry for the cough yes so let's fly
This is what a mini flying machine is not
up here so here I already came here
and this thing does nothing so well
I think you can show what it is
do nothing so you then sadaka
valuable time wasted in advance
tu-tu-tu-tu-tu tu-tu-tu and here I am
standing here nothing happens here tekke
the blocks stand nothing happens to them
flew from here floor on the type of lanterns
for sure there is something in my opinion found
do because these cubes are these
ordinary
something not me
so-so-so-so-so
get off fly away fly away fly away
to ulta de vita di all flew so
Well, let's try to get there this
delivery
scary scary little site here
as according to the laws of physics, we are now
fall bloom take and take off please
auto ha ha ha so well so i'm so sick
Well, there need to move me this
rarely well , and such a game
This is only one day recently downloaded
the link you will see in the description so
subscribe put likes with you
dj good luck thank you for your attention
good luck to you and please be easier to
this video because it's only mine
first video and i just learned
do youtube but oh sorry
my voice is just there is one problem
well , thank you all for your attention
do not forget about likes and subscriptions will
very happy this is just my first release and
you will see a link in this game in the description
yes, bye everyone
well until